[Music]
whoa if you meet this on the beach cry
for help as loud as possible there are
so many different species living in the
ocean some of them are beautiful some
are deadly and some are both how do you
recognize something that you can touch
and something you have to run away from
as fast as possible how do you stay
alive after a simple walk on the beach
or swim in the sea in this video bright
side will tell about the most dangerous
sea creatures you can meet and how to
recognize them whoo good thing counting
down from number 10 fire coral do you
know why scuba divers have to wear
gloves yes one of the reasons is fire
coral these small organisms can sting
and the effect can be not very serious
just a mild irritation and it can be
quite bad a stunt person may have severe
pains feel nauseated and even vomit
which is not the best thing to do when
you are underwater yeah makes a big
green cloud so if you decide to go scuba
diving make sure you have all the
necessary gear for it and just be safe
don't touch anything number 9 flower
urchin this urchin is both very
beautiful and very deadly
it contains toxins that can cause
anaphylactic shock convulsions and
finally death you can get poisoned if
you step on it when you are in the sea
or the ocean you have to be super
careful and watch your step
many people who step on flower urchin
die not because of the toxin itself but
because they got disoriented by pain and
drown number eight cone snail these guys
have been very popular among collectors
but we recommend you not to fall for the
pretty appearance scientists say that
just one drop of the cone snails poison
is enough to kill 20 people just one
drop almost as bad as my roommates
cooking
the respiratory system shuts down due to
paralysis which causes death
what's both curious and terrible is that
this snail is sometimes called the
cigarette snail the thing is after you
get stung you only have enough time to
smoke one cigarette on the bright side
you really will quit smoking
number seven Portuguese man-of-war this
animal looks truly beautiful and many
people mistake it for a jellyfish that's
why a different name for this animal is
false jellyfish get it you can find it
mostly in tropical and subtropical
regions of the Pacific and Indian Ocean
but sometimes the currents move
men-of-war
to places where it doesn't usually live
the most mind-blowing fact about
man-of-war is that technically we should
call it men of war and not refer to it
as it but they and here's why it's an
animal that is made up of a colony of
organisms cooperating together
man-of-war has tentacles that can be 30
feet long which it uses to paralyze and
kill fish and other small creatures
fortunately for humans a mana 4 is not
deadly but extremely painful and the
worst parts about its venom is that it
can stay on beaches for days after the
animal itself is gone so if you are on a
beach look for warning signs if you are
stung by a man-of-war
don't even think about peeing on the
sting this will only make things worse
and you'll look very silly
instead use cold to reduce the swelling
and kill the pain
number 6 sneeze snakes
I mean sea snakes yeah say that 5 times
real fast
yep snakes in plural because we mean a
whole variety of species see snakes are
in fact much more venomous than their
land living friends why are they so
venomous well as it turns out they have
to be like that because they hunt fish
so what they need to do is immobilize
their prey very quickly not to let it
escape the good news is that in most
cases if you get bitten by a sea snake
there is an anti-venom that you can take
to survive however there is one snake
that you definitely don't want to meet
the beaked snake one drop of its venom
can end lives of three men and as you
have probably guessed it also causes
your respiratory system to stop working
the only upside here is that the beach
snake is usually found in deep waters so
seeing it on the beach is very unlikely
number 5 lionfish the fish that cannot
tell the truth yes they're always lying
sorry
many people call the lionfish the most
beautiful sea creature in the world you
can find them in the Caribbean and
eastern Atlantic lion fishes are not
deadly they do have a venom but it's not
lethal
however the pain you will experience if
you get stung is so severe that people
say you might wish you were dead one
fisherman whose foot was stung says he
wanted it to be amputated that's how bad
the pain was on the bright side lion
fishes are not offensive if you don't do
anything that it might perceive as
dangerous it probably won't attack you
probably number 4 Chiron acts this
jellyfish doesn't have any teeth but
it's dangerous as hell if a person gets
stung they will have excruciating pain
red inflammation in the stung area and
heart dysfunction the victim needs to be
taken to the nearest hospital as soon as
he or she is pulled out of the water
otherwise death is inevitable to be safe
don't touch any jellyfish at all what if
it's a Chiron acts
another thing you should always do is
watch out for warning signs on all
beaches where you go swimming
number three surgeonfish know this is
not the one you call if you got stung by
a chironex this one got its name for a
reason
these fish have razor sharp scalpel like
things on their tails they can easily
cut off a human hand if a person comes
close to it now when you know why they
have such a name please give us a thumbs
up if you still have a thumb if you find
this video interesting surgeonfish
are easily spooked so you should be
extra careful if you see one of them
don't make any unexpected fast moves the
good news is surgeon fish are not
aggressive unless of course you provoked
them by not paying your medical bill or
something
number two Indonesian needle fish these
fish live in tropical and subtropical
waters of the oceans they as the name
suggests have a very sharp needle-like
beak and they are especially dangerous
when they hurl themselves out of the
water so they're most often victims are
fishermen who get stabbed by them and
have no time to get to the shore quickly
to get urgent medical treatment it
doesn't happen very often hey just think
about it what are the chances but it
still does and number one trigger fish
this fish is mostly friendly but only
until you are a threat to its nest the
most dangerous are females of course if
you approach its nest even accidentally
it will bite you thankfully the bites
aren't poisonous but trigger fish have
extremely sharp teeth
so the injuries it can cause need
serious medical attention
curious snorkelers and divers are the
most frequent victims of trigger fish if
you know about any other sea animals
that we haven't told you about let us
know in the comment section below
send this video to your friends to keep
them safe during their next vacation
like this video and hit the subscribe
button to join us on the bright side of
life